```
1. Declare score/2 as dynamic
2. Define best_shuffle predicate that takes no arguments
3. For each element in the list ["abracadabra", "eesaw", "elk", "grrrrrr", "up", "a"], call best_shuffle
4. Define best_shuffle predicate that takes a string Str as input
5. Retract all score(_,_)
6. Get the length of the string and assert it as the score
7. Calculate the minimum value using calcule_min predicate
8. Repeat the following steps
9. Shuffle the string and store the result in Shuffled
10. Compare each character of the original string with the shuffled string using comp predicate
11. Sum the results and store it in V
12. Retract the current score and compare V with the previous score, then assert the new score if V is less
13. If V is equal to the minimum value, retract the current score and write the string, current score, and previous score
14. Define comp predicate that takes two characters and returns 1 if they are equal, 0 otherwise
15. Define shuffle predicate that takes a list and returns a shuffled list
16. Define shuffle predicate that takes 3 arguments (0, empty list, empty list) and returns true
17. Define shuffle predicate that takes the length of the list, the list, and the shuffled list and performs the shuffling
18. Define calcule_min predicate that takes a string, its length, and the minimum value
19. Sort the string, pack it, and calculate the minimum value based on the quantity of letters
20. Define packList predicate that takes a list and packs it by grouping the same elements together
21. Define packList predicate that takes a single element list and returns a list with the element and its quantity
22. Define packList predicate that takes a list and packs it by grouping the same elements together
23. Define run predicate that takes a variable and an empty list and returns a list with the variable and its quantity
24. Define run predicate that takes a variable and a list and returns a list with the variable and its quantity
25. Define run predicate that takes a variable and a list and returns a list with the variable and its quantity
```