'''
1. Import the necessary modules and functions from itertools and os.path

2. Define a function abbrevLen which takes a list of strings xs as input
    a. Get the length n of xs
    b. Return the length of the prefix required to obtain a unique abbreviation for each string in xs

3. Define a function main which is used to test the abbrevLen function
    a. Read the contents of a file 'weekDayNames.txt' and store them in a list xs
    b. For each string in xs, calculate the abbreviation length using the abbrevLen function and print the length and the string

4. Define a function compose which takes a function g as input and returns a composed function
    a. Return a lambda function that takes a function f as input and returns a function that applies g to the result of f

5. Define a function concat which takes a list of strings xs as input and returns the concatenation of those strings

6. Define a function inits which takes a list xs as input and returns all initial segments of xs, shortest first

7. Define a function lines which takes a string s as input and returns a list of strings derived from s by splitting on newline characters

8. Define a function map_ which takes a function f as input and returns a lambda function that applies f to each element of a list xs and returns a list

9. Define a function nub which takes a list xs as input and returns a list containing the same elements as xs without duplicates

10. Define a function readFile which takes a file path fp as input and returns the contents of the file at the expanded path

11. Define a function scanl which takes a function f as input and returns a lambda function that applies f to a list of values and returns a succession of intermediate values

12. Define a function strip which takes a string s as input and returns a copy of s without any leading or trailing white space

13. Define a function transpose which takes a matrix m as input and returns the transposed matrix

14. Define a function words which takes a string s as input and returns a list of words delimited by white space characters

15. Call the main function if the script is executed directly
'''